wow that certainly could have gone
better but no matter I have at least 37
more plans to take over skylands each
one more diabolically sinister than the
last more chaos is that who I think it
is
just wanted to say that it was a
pleasure working with you all once again
to save skylands wife Lynn what a
surprisingly modest thing to say well I
just figured that after such an
adventure maybe it's time to turn over a
new leaf a little more humble glad to
hear it but while we've taken down chaos
there's still plenty for the skylanders
to do like complete every heroic
challenge or meet all my arena
challenges or collect every upgrade Oh
or destroy all the clouds thailand's is
filled with secrets secrets are fine no
enacting inside might as well stay the
course then huh the boom is back